docs(1.7.0): add PSA for issue 9267 (#974)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/important-notes/_index.md

  - [Snapshot Creation Time As Shown in the UI Occasionally Changes](#snapshot-creation-time-as-shown-in-the-ui-occasionally-changes)
  - [Unable To Revert a Volume to a Snapshot Created Before Longhorn v1.7.0](#unable-to-revert-a-volume-to-a-snapshot-created-before-longhorn-v170)

## Warning

> > **PSA**

Reviewer: Remove this. PSA is just used for creating messages to the community Slack channels.

  - [Snapshot Creation Time As Shown in the UI Occasionally Changes](#snapshot-creation-time-as-shown-in-the-ui-occasionally-changes)
  - [Unable To Revert a Volume to a Snapshot Created Before Longhorn v1.7.0](#unable-to-revert-a-volume-to-a-snapshot-created-before-longhorn-v170)

## Warning

> ### Unable To Attach Volumes Which Are Created Before v1.5.2 and v1.4.4
> 
> The Longhorn team has identified [a critical issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/9267) that affects volume attachment in Longhorn v1.7.0. We are currently working on releasing v1.7.1, which will be available soon. If your Longhorn cluster contains `engine` resources with names in the format `<volume name>-e-<8-char random id>` that are created before v1.5.2 and v1.4.4, please put v1.7.0 upgrade on hold until v1.7.1 is available.
> 
> You can use the following command to check if it is safe to upgrade your Longhorn cluster to v1.7.0:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Unable to Attach Volumes Created Before v1.5.2 and v1.4.4

The Longhorn team has identified [a critical issue](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/9267) that affects volume attachment in Longhorn v1.7.0. A fix for this issue will be included in v1.7.1, which is in active development. 

Avoid upgrading to v1.7.0 if your Longhorn cluster contains `engine` resources with the following characteristics:

- Resource name: The format is `<volume name>-e-<8-char random id>`.
- Time of creation: The cluster was running Longhorn versions earlier than v1.5.2 and v1.4.4.

Run the following command to check you can safely upgrade your Longhorn cluster to v1.7.0:
```
